Add more documentation (#36)
DataBiosphere/wdl-conformance-tests: SLURM_README.md

Running on SLURM (and other clusters) may require more arguments/options to be passed into the runners.

A [configuration file](https://cromwell.readthedocs.io/en/stable/Configuring/) must be used to tell Cromwell how to schedule workers under SLURM.
An example configuration file is in [cromwell-config.conf](examples/cromwell-config.conf). This file specifies to Cromwell how to run in SLURM with Singularity.

The configuration file is then passed into the runner through `--cromwell-pre-args` (not `--cromwell-args` as this must be passed into Java, not Cromwell).
```commandline
python run.py --runner cromwell --id tut01 --cromwell-pre-args="-Dconfig.file=examples/cromwell-config.conf"
```

For SLURM+Docker, the [configuration file](examples/cromwell-config.conf) includes an example configuration, but this has not been fully tested. `backend.default` can be replaced with `SLURM` instead.

## Under MiniWDL
The [MiniWDL SLURM plugin](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm) can be used to run MiniWDL in SLURM with Singularity.

The plugin can be [installed](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm?tab=readme-ov-file#installation) like any other MiniWDL plugin.

> MiniWDL then needs to be [configured](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration) to use this extension. This can be done through a [configuration file or through environmental variables](https://miniwdl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/runner_reference.html?highlight=config#configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MiniWDL then needs to be [configured](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration) to use this extension. This can be done through a [configuration file or through environment variables](https://miniwdl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/runner_reference.html?highlight=config#configuration).
```

An example configuration file is in [miniwdl-config.cfg](examples/miniwdl-config.cfg). 

> No arguments are needed to be passed into MiniWDL as long as MiniWDL is able to read the new configuration.

Reviewer: I would say "are need for" or "are required to be passed to" or "need to be passed to"; "are needed to be passed into" isn't the right construction for some reason.
```suggestion
No extra arguments are needed for MiniWDL as long as MiniWDL is able to read the new configuration.
```

> An example if MiniWDL specific arguments must be used:

Reviewer: This should maybe say that it is for the case where you don't want to modify the normal MiniWDL configuration and you need to point it at the customized configuration via argument? We just got finished saying extra arguments aren't needed and now we're talking about the case where actually they "must be used", which is confusing.

```commandline
python run.py --runner miniwdl --id tut01 --miniwdl-args="--cfg=examples/miniwdl-config.cfg"
```

> However, if running the script under an srun launched interactive session, this will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if running the script under an `srun`-launched interactive session, this will not work.
```

> This is likely because `miniwdl_slurm` runs [srun itself](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm/blob/624ab390ea872082798733fefbb327dec99e2cde/src/miniwdl_slurm/__init__.py#L97-L100) instead of sbatch, and nested srun's dont appear to work (likely something related to the nested srun asking for more resources beyond the scope of the parent srun).

Reviewer: I would backtick all the command names. Then you can get rid of the apostrophe keeping the s out of the command name.

```suggestion
This is likely because `miniwdl_slurm` [runs `srun` itself](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm/blob/624ab390ea872082798733fefbb327dec99e2cde/src/miniwdl_slurm/__init__.py#L97-L100) instead of `sbatch`, and nested `srun`s dont appear to work (likely something related to the nested `srun` asking for more resources beyond the scope of the parent `srun`).
```

> Thus, the performance tests should be invoked in a parent/external node. [(An example for Phoenix cluster.)](SLURM_PHOENIX_README.md#under-miniwdl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, the performance tests should be invoked on a head or external node. [(An example for Phoenix cluster.)](SLURM_PHOENIX_README.md#under-miniwdl).
```

A SLURM+Docker plugin does not currently exist.

## Under toil-wdl-runner
`toil-wdl-runner` has [SLURM support built in](https://toil.readthedocs.io/en/latest/running/hpcEnvironments.html#running-on-slurm).

SLURM worker partition sizes can be specified with `--partition` or with `TOIL_SLURM_ARGS`.
For example, `export TOIL_SLURM_ARGS="--time=00:30:00 --partition=short"`. [See an example of how to format it](https://giwiki.gi.ucsc.edu/index.php?title=Phoenix_WDL_Tutorial#Running_at_larger_scale).

> Toil communicates with a jobstore that must be accessible to all worker nodes, so some [extra arguments](SLURM_README.md#under-toil-wdl-runner) may be necessary depending on how each cluster is configured.

Reviewer: "Communicates with" sounds like we mean object and not means.

```suggestion
Toil communicates via a jobstore that must be accessible to all worker nodes, so some [extra arguments](SLURM_README.md#under-toil-wdl-runner) may be necessary depending on how each cluster is configured.
```

The configuration file is then passed into the runner through `--cromwell-pre-args` (not `--cromwell-args` as this must be passed into Java, not Cromwell).
```commandline
python run.py --runner cromwell --id tut01 --cromwell-pre-args="-Dconfig.file=examples/cromwell-config.conf"
```

For Slurm+Docker, the [configuration file](examples/cromwell-config.conf) includes an example configuration, but this has not been fully tested. `backend.default` can be replaced with `SLURM` instead.

## Under MiniWDL
The [MiniWDL Slurm plugin](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm) can be used to run MiniWDL in SLURM with Singularity.

The plugin can be [installed](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm?tab=readme-ov-file#installation) like any other MiniWDL plugin.

MiniWDL then needs to be [configured](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration) to use this extension. This can be done through a [configuration file or through environment variables](https://miniwdl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/runner_reference.html?highlight=config#configuration).
An example configuration file is in [miniwdl-config.cfg](examples/miniwdl-config.cfg). 

> No extra arguments are needed for MiniWDL as long as MiniWDL is able to read the new configuration.
> 
> However, if wanted, arguments can be used instead:

Reviewer: This is really one topic and ought to be one paragraph. And we shouldn't have dueling "However"s.

```suggestion
No extra arguments are needed for MiniWDL as long as MiniWDL is able to read the new configuration.
Alternatively, arguments can be used instead:
```

```commandline
python run.py --runner miniwdl --id tut01 --miniwdl-args="--no-outside-imports"
```

> However, if running the script under an `srun`-launched interactive session, this will not work.
> 
> This is likely because `miniwdl_slurm` [runs `srun` itself](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm/blob/624ab390ea872082798733fefbb327dec99e2cde/src/miniwdl_slurm/__init__.py#L97-L100) instead of `sbatch`, and nested `srun`s dont appear to work (likely something related to the nested `srun` asking for more resources beyond the scope of the parent `srun`).

Reviewer: We mean that MiniWDL Slurm support won't work, not that using CLI options for configuring it won't take, right? We should explain that and space out a bit from the configuration point, and maybe join paragraphs with the explanation.

```suggestion

However, if running the script under an `srun`-launched interactive session, MiniWDL's Slurm plugin will not work.
This is likely because `miniwdl_slurm` [runs `srun` itself](https://github.com/miniwdl-ext/miniwdl-slurm/blob/624ab390ea872082798733fefbb327dec99e2cde/src/miniwdl_slurm/__init__.py#L97-L100) instead of `sbatch`, and nested `srun`s dont appear to work (likely something related to the nested `srun` asking for more resources beyond the scope of the parent `srun`).
```
